# Introduction
  * UOC can realize the computing power of “completely no central server” in the processing speed of 10 seconds and 5000tps.
  * In mathematics, the mathematical problem of "trusted true random number" is solved, and a completely trusted device-independent true random number can be generated within "any agreed range". 
  * The application scenarios of "trusted random number" are widely used, and are applicable to all kinds of multi-party interactive scenes that require high-quality random numbers on line and offline. 
  * In the field of blockchain, the “trusted random number” directly promotes the “decentralization degree” and the POW, and the performance and efficiency far exceed the new consensus mechanism POG(proof of game) of POW. 
  * In addition, the blockchain industry has brought billions of dollars in losses, and blockchain random number vulnerabilities that have been unsolvable have been completely resolved using "trusted random numbers".

## In mathematics
the mathematical problem of "trusted true random number" is solved, and a completely trusted device-independent true random number can be generated within "any agreed range". 

## In the network underlying transport protocol
the Secure Data Transfer Protocol (SDTP) is developed to transmit data over the Internet, providing secure, privacy-protected, and efficient data exchange for users under different service providers. the way. Is a set of rules for transferring data from the source address to the destination address, which controls the way the data is transferred.

## At the consensus level
a new consensus mechanism POG (proof of game) was developed, which can liberate 99% of the computing power and form a node consensus with complete credibility, complete fairness, and high speed.

# In terms of resource description
UOC first proposed the theory of “public resources”, which allowed blockchain technology to expand from a single currency to a large-scale Internet application in the description of the ownership of digital assets.

## At the script level
the "aggregation contract" was developed to support the use of more than 100,000 contracts to write a large and complex complete decentralized application.

## At the data layer
a “self-certification storage chain” was developed to ensure the security and credibility of the massive data generated by the application when interacting.
